https://codepen.io/krystalguzman/pen/JjooWNe

 1. What is Semantic HTML? describe tags in a meaningful way
    2. What is HTML used for? creating a page with text
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? characteristic of an element so something can be changed
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? Title, 1-2 times (header footer)
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? href and alt
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? div container
    7. What is an id? an identifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 1 time
    10. What is a class? identifier for multiple things
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? many times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? img
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? specificity
    17. What is CSS used for? styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. class multiple paragraph styling id once about section
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? when having containers inside containers nested together
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a selector for a specific state (hover)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: black dotted 1px;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm, you cannot get it back
    34. Why should I use version control? in case of errors
    35. How often should I commit to github? as often as you can, 10-15 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u "firstname-lastname"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, copy clone, git clone, cd, git checkout, code ., git status, git add ., git status, git commit -m, git push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline- same line, block - next line
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? fixed, cannot move
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? padding
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default. p, div, section. a, span. br
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? a way of mapping thigs out on a page, border-box